[LISKDOCS-34] Resolve "Page Not Found" (#258)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: interact-with-network.md

It consists of wallet functionalities like sending transactions and viewing account history, as well as more extended features like delegate voting or registering as a delegate.

## D. Query the API

> Query the [API](https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api) manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query the [API](https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api) manually, either from a public node, or connect to your own private node to interact with the network.
```

> Either from a public node, or connect to your own private node to interact with the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> View the full specification of the Lisk API, including example queries at [lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api](https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api)

> To execute the query, you can use every software, that is suited to perform HTTP API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the query,  use any tool suitable for HTTP API requests.
```

> Suited tools are for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Popular tools for HTTP requests:
```

- [Curl](https://curl.haxx.se/): Perform API requests from the command-line.

> - [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/): nice GUI for sending API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/): user friendly graphical interface for sending API requests.
```

> - [Swagger UI](https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api): Webinterface that can send API requests. Provides the complete API specification as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Swagger UI](https://lisk.io/documentation/lisk-core/api): A Webinterface that can send API requests in addition to providing the complete API specification.
```
